dev.md, before:

# Dynamind Technical Manual
*version 1b*
*By Mac Lawson*

### Tasks

*These are in order by relative importance.*

| Title | Module(s) Involved | Work Required |
| --------------- | --------------- | --------------- |
| **Module-Function Pairing** | env/tasking | Function to map functions and nodes from both DBs |
| **Module-Function Execution** | env/tasking | Might need to a new sub-folder to be created. Once pairing is completed, do the actual work. |
| User Process Objection | env/tasking | Some sort of system in the config or during processing to allow user to mark/object to a method in a module to being ran. |
| TCP Client | agent | A lot. TCP client and server for managing sending data on non-Elixir programs |
| Database Viewer | utils | Finish the ASCII tables and finalize the getter functions. |
| Non-Elixir File Processing **MAJOR** | import directory | This is a two part problem: 1, develop a solution to process what functions ARE inside of the non-elixir modules. 2, figure out a way to convert these over too something that can be run in Elixir.  |
| File Distribution System* | new module - dfs (distributed file system) | Seperates files and stores them across nodes |


### Non-Technical Tasks
| ID/Title   | Scope/Module    |
|--------------- | --------------- |
| 1. Documentation   | Every module, one MD file per library folder.   |

#### Documentation Status

| Module | Status |
| -------------- | --------------- |
| [Environment](lib/environment) | Nothing |
| [Database](lib/db) | Nothing |
| [Utils](lib/utils) | Nothing |


* This might end up being a seperate project/repository.

#### TCP Client

TCP client should be used if you have a node that either can not run Elixir OR needs to run a non-Elixir model.

TCP Server -> File To Run -> TCP Client -> Dynamind

Commit message:

major changes to configuration file and init sequence

dev.md, after:

# Dynamind Technical Manual
*version 1b*
*By Mac Lawson*

### Tasks

*These are in order by relative importance.*

| Title | Module(s) Involved | Work Required |
| --------------- | --------------- | --------------- |
| **Module-Function Pairing** | env/tasking | Function to map functions and nodes from both DBs |
| **Module-Function Execution** | env/tasking | Might need to a new sub-folder to be created. Once pairing is completed, do the actual work. |
| User Process Objection | env/tasking | Some sort of system in the config or during processing to allow user to mark/object to a method in a module to being ran. |
| TCP Client | agent | A lot. TCP client and server for managing sending data on non-Elixir programs |
| Database Viewer | utils | Finish the ASCII tables and finalize the getter functions. |
| Non-Elixir File Processing **MAJOR** | import directory | This is a two part problem: 1, develop a solution to process what functions ARE inside of the non-elixir modules. 2, figure out a way to convert these over too something that can be run in Elixir.  |
| File Distribution System* | new module - dfs (distributed file system) | Seperates files and stores them across nodes |
| Dynamind.init startup sequence | Dynamind.init | Pull together the required functionality to get Dynamind up and running. |


### Non-Technical Tasks
| ID/Title   | Scope/Module    |
|--------------- | --------------- |
| 1. Documentation   | Every module, one MD file per library folder.   |

#### Documentation Status

| Module | Status |
| -------------- | --------------- |
| [Environment](lib/environment) | Nothing |
| [Database](lib/db) | Nothing |
| [Utils](lib/utils) | Nothing |


* This might end up being a seperate project/repository.

#### TCP Client

TCP client should be used if you have a node that either can not run Elixir OR needs to run a non-Elixir model.

TCP Server -> File To Run -> TCP Client -> Dynamind
