README.md, before:

```
+---------------------------------------------------+
|                      Application                  |
+---------------------------------------------------+
                          |
                    OTP Node
                          |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|       Computer 1             Computer 2                         Computer3
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|      Agent 1        |             Agent 2             |           Agent 3
|       /  |  \        |            /  |  \             |          /  |  \
|  Model  Tokenizer    |         Model  Tokenizer       |      Model Tokenizer
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

```

# Dynamind: Distributed Machine Learning

This project aims to develop a distributed cognitive agent system using Elixir, capable of dynamic resource allocation in complex environments.

## Overview
Dynamind uses Erlang and Elixir to empower distributed computing for machine learning models and applications/users relying on them.  


## Getting Started
1. Clone this repository.
2. Install Elixir and Mix if not already installed.
3. Navigate to the project directory and run `mix deps.get` to install dependencies.
4. Follow the instructions in each directory's README to understand and contribute to the project.

## Usage
TODO: Add usage instructions once the system is developed.

## Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! Please refer to the DEV.md file for technical information and guidelines.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

added scala NEPT system, function DB logic

README.md, after:

```
+---------------------------------------------------+
|                      Application                  |
+---------------------------------------------------+
                          |
                    OTP Node
                          |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|       Computer 1             Computer 2                         Computer3
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|      Agent 1        |             Agent 2             |           Agent 3
|       /  |  \        |            /  |  \             |          /  |  \
|  Model  Tokenizer    |         Model  Tokenizer       |      Model Tokenizer
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

```

# Dynamind: Distributed Machine Learning

This project aims to develop a distributed cognitive agent system using Elixir, capable of dynamic resource allocation in complex environments.

## Overview
Dynamind uses Erlang and Elixir to empower distributed computing for machine learning models and applications/users relying on them.  


## Getting Started
1. Clone this repository.
2. Install Elixir and Mix if not already installed.
3. Navigate to the project directory and run `mix deps.get` to install dependencies.
4. Follow the instructions in each directory's README to understand and contribute to the project.

## Managing your Elixir Installation
Your system and ALL NODES must be running the same version of Elixir. Most of this project's dependencies require Elixir .11 or higher, and running multiple clusters with different versions of Elixir will cause issues.


## Usage
TODO: Add usage instructions once the system is developed.

## Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! Please refer to the DEV.md file for technical information and guidelines.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
